change "traverse" to "over", simplify, and implement double-EOS protocol (#3323)
brimdata/zed: docs/language/operators.md

* [`rename`](#rename)
* [`sort`](#sort)
* [`tail`](#tail)

> * [`over`](#over)

Reviewer: NIt: Keep these sorted.

---

> ## `over`

Reviewer: Nit: Keep these sorted.

```
over <expr> [, <expr>...]
```

For each input value,

> `over` yields a sequence of output values terminated by `EOS`

Reviewer: EOS is an implementation detail that does not appear anywhere else in the documentation. I don't think we should confuse the reader with it.

Author: I agreed and copied what nibs had.  We need to document batching.  Let's leave this here for now since we are redoing a lot in the next step.

where the values are determined by the one or more expressions
evaluated left to right.

> When an expression results in a complex type, each of the composite value's top-level
> elements is yielded:
> * for an array or set, each element is yielded;
> * for a record, each field value is yielded as a single-field record; and
> * for a map, each entry is yielded as a record containing two fields
> `key` and `value`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an expression results in a complex type, `over` yields each of the composite value's top-level elements:
* for an array or set, it yields each element;
* for a record, it yields each field value as a single-field record; and
* for a map, it yields each entry as a record containing two fields, `key` and `value`.
```
